Handle Bitbucket optional config (#14216)
backstage/backstage: .changeset/clever-chefs-flow.md

---
'@backstage/integration': patch
---

> Handles undefined optional config values without crashing on startup

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Handle undefined optional `username` and `appPassword` config values for bitbucketCloud without crashing on startup
```
